Add to loop size array in data-types.md (#41)
WerWolv/Documentation: pattern_language/core-language/data-types.md

u8 string[while(std::mem::read_unsigned($, 1) != 0xFF)] @ 0x00;
```

> For more complex conditions, combine an array to `eof` with a struct containing `if` statements. Using `continue` would move on to the next array item of the loop; using `break` would stop the loop and the growing of the array. See also the [pattern control flow](control-flow.md#pattern-control-flow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A more complex example: growing an array until `eof` with a struct containing `if` statements. Using `continue` would move on to the next array item of the loop; using `break` would stop the loop and the growing of the array. See also the [pattern control flow](control-flow.md#pattern-control-flow).
```

Reviewer: I am not sure what you are referring to by "Using `continue` would move on to the next array item of the loop; using `break` would stop the loop and the growing of the array."

If I am not mistaken, the following syntax: `Command command_list[while(!std::mem::eof())] @ 0x00;` doesn't permit using `break` or `continue` keywords since you can't specify the loop body.
